Module for supporting ANSI Control sequences in Perl 6

This module is intended to be a port of the Perl 5 module
Term::ANSIColor.

There is now support for the 'color()' function found in the Perl 5 module,
so you can now use print() and say() in Perl 6 to emit nicely colored
text!  Also, I included support for resetting the colors back to default. 

The colored() function (check Term::ANSIColor for Perl 5 for a description)
is on the TODO.

Constants functions will show up later, when someone (possibly me)
who knows how to use AUTOLOAD in Perl 6 tries to implement them.

Contributors who are more competent and/or impatient than me are welcome
to assist in improving/changing the code, and adding features listed in the
above TODO (or other features they find useful).  Just let me know you are
intrested in contributing.

Bug reports, praise, blame and thoughts are also welcome.

STATE:

    The ANSI control codes for a foreground color of ANSI colors 0 through 15
    as well as background colors for the same is now suppored.
    
    Colors 0 through 7 are darker variants of black, red, green, yellow, blue,
    magenta, cyan and white.  Colors 8 through 15 are the brighter, more
    vivid versions of the corresponding dark color.  Different terminal
    emulator software have different caveats: bright black is dark grey
    for some emulators, pitch black for others.  Non-bright yellow is usually
    dark yellow but it has been reported to displayed as brown or as bright
    orange for certain terminal emulators.
    
    The 'reset' attribute is also supported, which is useful to tell the
    terminal to revert to default foreground and background color.

CREDITS
    Jakob Ilves <illvilja@gmail.com>

    A lot of inspiration naturally comes from Russ Allbery's
    Perl 5 Term::ANSIColor.

    Inspiration of how to setup a Perl 6 module in general comes
    from Moritz Lenz' json module.

    Thanks to Jonathan Leto on advice on how to get started with
    git and github.com

    Thanks to Carl Mäsak and the other folks on #perl6 on freenode
    for just being very encouraging


